Allow multiple LogStorage with primary and secondaries (#417)
jenkinsci/workflow-api-plugin: README.md

A component of [Pipeline
Plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/workflow-aggregator).

# JEP-210: External log storage for Pipeline
## Implementation

> This plugin supports [https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/210](JEP-210) which allows using one logger at a time: the pipeline logs are written and read from the same storage. The pipeline logger is automatically selected during startup through the `@Extension` annotation `ordinal` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin provides APIs for [https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/210](JEP-210), which allow plugins to take over Pipeline build logging.
The default logging implementation is the `@Extension LogStorageFactoryDescriptor` with the highest `ordinal` value that implements `LogStorageFactoryDescriptor.getDefaultInstance`.
You can override the default implementation by configuring a logger explicitly under "Pipeline logger" on the Jenkins system configuration page.
```

> ## Multiple log storages
> A new "Pipeline logger" section is now configurable through UI or CasC, instead of relying only on the `@Extension ordinal` value, a specific logger can be selected.
> 
> A new "Multiple loggers" log storage implementation following JEP-210 has been introduced, allowing to configure a "Primary" (for read/writes) and a "Secondary" (for writes-only) logger. This acts as a "tee" command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Multiple loggers
In some cases, you may want to use a logging implementation that sends logs to an external system, while also preserving logs in Jenkins for other use cases.
You can accomplish by configuring the "Multiple loggers" implementation in the "Pipeline logger" section on the Jenkins system configuration page.
This implementation allows you to select a "Primary" logger that handles reads and writes, as well as a "Secondary" logger which receives copies of all writes, similarly to the Unix `tee` command.
```
